foreign
a visitation from Carl Jung and a guest appearance of the devil
will be kicking it up a notch on satanic initiation
[Music]
foreign delighted to be able to come to this
assembly again this Unholy assembly it does me great
great pride I am going to force upon you
the soul of one Carl Jung and from Carl Jung we're going to make a
deeper dive into the actual Magic that was guiding Carl Jung and his
mystery excuse me for one minute
[Music]
wow
without further ado Carl Jung please a patient in the world he was quiet but
completely dissociated schizophrenic and he was in the clinic
already for 20 years he had come into the clinic as a matter of fact being a
young man a little dark and and there's no particular education
and once I came to the war and and he was obviously excited and called to me
took me by the label of my coat and led me to the window I said now now you will
see now look at it look up at the Sun and see how it moves you see you must
move your hair too like this and then you will see the the follows of the Sun
and you know that's the origin of the Wind and you see how the sun moves As you
move your head from one side to the other now of course I didn't understand it at
all I thought there you are he's just crazy and but in that case remained in my mind
Carl please tell us the truth then where
this machination of this lunatic ended up taking you
and four years later I came across
a paper written by the German historian
who had dealt with her with the so-called mitrus literature a part of
the Great in Parisian social papayas and there
he produced the
part of the so-called Metals laser literature namely
it is say there after the second prayer thou will see
how the disk of the sun unfolds and you will see
hanging down from it the tube the origin of the Wind
and when you move thy face the face to the regions of the East it will move
there and if you move your face to the region of the West it will follow you
and just like that Carl you was sucked into saturnian vision
and where did he end up an incident I know and you now this is
it this is the vision of my patient but how could you be sure that your
patient wasn't unconsciously recalling something that somebody had told you oh no quite out of question because that
thing was not known it was in a you know in a magic papayas in Paris in the uh
and it wasn't even published it was only published four years later after I had
observed it with my patient so Carl Jung is seeing things uh from
the future it's this is fantastic um yes a vision through a patient and
suddenly the man is hooked he's drawn into the mysterium into the initiation
and how do we know that because we can extract it from him we can extract it
from Carl Jung he's bad and he deserves it he deserves what he gets
the Liebert noos the Lieber nois the new book
that Carl Jung wrote and then had buried until a certain time to be released
which has been released and scrutinized by every sort of critic
Authority academic you name it
let's look at it with the eyes of the bakkened
if we really were in charge if we were in control if we were sitting on the
throne for those of you with ears to hear if we were sitting on the throne of
Satan and we were able to reach into his
capacity to bring past future and present into one moment we would be able
to take young and magically transform him I want us to go where Young
tried to lead I want us to look at the the what they
what they call the Liturgy of mithras
yeah the Liturgy of mithras what is that that doesn't help I want to get down to the level Remember the Time ship I want
to get down to their level and see what's happening okay so I'm taking you tonight on this Merry Christmas night
I'm taking you to the to the place
where all of this comes from I'm taking you to an actual cult ritual now word
has it the the profanation or the making comment of the cult ritual of the
mysterian will cause instant lightning
from Zeus upon the revelation if I'm bathed
in that lightning I will know the ion
let me show you um that drugs can make you high
or according to the magical papyri they
can make you Cosmic let's look at the ones that make you
Cosmic and again let's remain scientific about this I have no theories for you I don't want your cash I don't charge you
to ask me a question I don't want any of that corruption or pollution I just want the text and tonight I want you to look
as you Regale with a series of images I want you to look at
mithras and the liturgy and I want you to ask a couple of questions here I'm going to read to you
just the introduction and I just want you to follow along in your mind's eye be gracious to me o Providence and
psyche as I wrote These Mysteries handed down not for gain but for instruction
this is what young was referring to
so when we look at his magic book and I show you how to use it and break the
seal um absorb the seal then don't be surprised
now watch watch this this is gorgeous um yeah he's invoking right he's it's a
prayer yes I don't write these things for gain he says but for instruction and four an
only child I request I think that's a bad translation because it's mono
remember my advisors Dr John Scarborough was one of the translators in this text
in this work um and we we oftentimes scrutinize translations and said ah it's just so
difficult I can see the translator's difficulty but you know it's tough it's tough so so
um here we go yeah um not only child but I'd say one I'd say one child so and for an only
child I request immortality that's what we're doing here at the mystery we're
burning off your mortality welcome yes welcome
um oh initiates of this one power
I refer to you it's nice which the great God Helios mithras ordered to be
revealed to me by the archangel there's directions in here to a little
an assistant what the Romans called an honest
yeah what are the instructions um
to take the juices of herbs and spices which will be made known to you at the
end of my holy Treatise he's going to say which drugs it is that she is supposed to produce right now wait a
minute I said it's he I said tea why did I do that for no
reason other than I've been living in the society I've lived in for the last 2
000 years yeah Why Can't This Be A she it would make
sense wouldn't it um it might as we read it you might begin to see all of that stuff that I
told you about the Midwife was there for a reason yeah we are burning off the mortality of
the flesh yes and why are we doing this so that I
alone may Ascend into heaven as an Inquirer and behold the universe
get my Cosmic vision going okay so wait a minute where are we
I just stepped out of this time ship and into the middle of some kind of rave
yeah exactly so this is an operation historically this is an operation
um and we're about to get details we're going to get an invocation and we're going to get details about what to do
and I want to read you a little bit of that because there's lots of drugs and there's lots of seeing things and
there's lots of comprehending the universe yeah of of knowing oneself and you say
oh is this another introspective no no this purports to be something else if we don't have a new birth this is not ionic
life are you ready let's keep going first origin this is the invocation
right imagine yourself at the event first origin of my origin I
first beginning of my beginning
Spirit of spirit the spirit of the spirit in me in
um fire given by God to my mixture of the mixtures in me the first are we
repeating this yeah right this is part of what we're performing nice
water of Water the first of the water in me there's a repetitious thing here
going on we're not being given directions about what's happening okay Earth the material the first in the
Earthly material in me my complete body I blank and this is formulaic I insert
name here whose mother is blank wait a minute whose mother seriously
is this the patch Patrick lineal great stuff that I've been surfing under
yes it is but it's not it's uh it's it's starting to smell like women
perhaps the voice in the beginning who is invoking two female deities
in order to save a child maybe that voice is actually female
fantastic does Lucifer have a penis yes that's the question wonderful
wonderful wonderful wonderful okay so I so and so whose mother is so-and-so
which was formed by a noble arm and an Incorruptible right hand in a world without light and yet radiant without
soul and yet alive with soul and then we have more worcus magikai
which don't let them tell you that they know what they're from they don't um and we know that for a fact because
the PGM says that it's using five different forms of something that it calls orphic gramata
yeah so um in my opinion the best safest guess will probably be old old Greek
yeah yeah yeah Ellie Ellie Lama sabakhani is not
what Jesus said on the cross it's what Jesus said on the cross from the mouth of a magician
performing sabach Thon that's why he's so thirsty you know okay
uh let's keep going give me over to Immortal birth and following that to my underlying nature so that after the
present need which is pressing me exceedingly I make gaze upon the
immortal okay this is what this right is doing
it's giving you a vision a vision what kind of vision vision of
the immortal it's that other Universe he says that we don't see right it's FANUC
Satan's kingdom right gorgeous beginning with the immortal
spirit with the immortal water with the most steadfast air that I may be born again
in thought and the sacred Spirit May breathe in me so that I may Wonder at the sacred fire
Goofy so you know they're probably burning kufi right now see there's stuff going on in the background that you kind
of have to piece together um he talks about inhaling it in a second okay so
um kufi helps give you that ionic Vision I know you don't believe me but just
hang on there for one second one second here we go I born mortal from Mortal womb but
transformed by tremendous power and an Incorruptible right hand with the
immortal Spirit The Immortal ion and master of the fiery diadems remember
ion that we talked about and who ion was you know fantastic are you here are you
here smelling Cronus are you here because you know Chronos is Saturn right oh the saturnian versus
somebody asked me about this turnian yes and connection with Satan right and the
devotification the absorption of that row oh very nice
um the saturnian verses are early early and uh it's just a link it's just a link
we'll talk more about Saturn and this person wanted to know about um dispatcher
yeah this pots there wow we you know you get the throne and you have the plutos
from the throne who's sitting on the throne of Satan right now
would you be surprised look let's just give it up for those who haven't for those who haven't been here yet and I've
been been to this point let's just give it up I'll give get my whip out um let's just give it up for the uh the
throne um being the analog of the ancient drug
yes the seat of power which is exercised by the spirit that is in that plan
that's the throne yeah asterian we know that right we know
what hysterian is can you find hysterian can you be on the throne let me give you
the images that if you are on the throne you'll be able to see the magic of you
we've got to get there it's it's we're in a hurry to get there let's keep let's keep reading
um he says we were with ion right now you know why you need ionic life yes I Sanctified through holy
consecrations while there subsists within me holy for a short time my human soul might which I will again receive
after the present bitter and Relentless necessity which is pressing down upon me
good good good good good good for I yes and the son I draw uh draw in bro oh
now against directions draw in breath from the Rays
draw up three times as much as you can and what's going to happen at this point in
the initiation which honestly this is the point everybody comes for right you want that new birth here it is are you
ready you will see yourself being lifted up awesome told you guys you would fly
and ascending to the height so that you scorn to be in midair
it must be freaky it must be freaky to suddenly see yourself in midair
um were the drugs Dr Carol Newlands from University of Wisconsin Madison
um is it true that Romans used recreational drugs ah
let's get you up there you will hear nothing either of man or
of any other living thing you won't hear so you know apparently your attention's focused on the Panic of
suddenly floating up into the air um not in that hour where you see anything of Mortals Affairs on Earth so
you wig out for an hour you're gone you're under for an hour but rather you will see all Immortal things okay what
are these Immortal things that everybody gets to see when they're under the influence of your mystery
in that day an hour you will see the divine order of the Skies
okay the presiding Gods Rising into heaven
and other setting wait a minute wait a minute rising and setting did I hear
Dawn oh my goodness I did hear Dawn
after the kufi I that I may gaze upon the unfathomable awesome water of the
Dawn those are those Waters of life you want to gaze oh and by the way they do this
at dawn right there's directions and the formula that Nero provides right we've got it
through Galen there's directions in there for what you're supposed to do in that pre-dawn session so this is right
before Dawn remember the early Christians all met at dawn why because there's a turn in because
Judaism and Christianity are saturnian Bronze Age religions
they are in the most basic Elemental way
they are satanic Judaism and Christianity are satanic
let's keep going shall we this is beautiful and so we've drawn in um so once you put your right finger on
your mouth there's more directions we're at dawn huh having our moment right freaking out because now we're floating
yeah and what do we say so once you put your right finger on your mouth and say silent silence silence
symbol of the living Incorruptible God ground me silence and then some War case
magikai the magic words you know so imagine okay where are we
again we're at the ceremony it's fries of Dawn and all of a sudden I'm in this
position where I'm entering this ionic life I've been drawn up into the air and
I'm scared and uh uh um I'm there for the dawn
and now I'm using that force of dawn to ground me
to keep me safe yeah Isn't that cool
symbol of the living Incorruptible God fantastic okay good good then make a
long hissing sound next make a popping sound and say more well case magika then
listen to this this is what you see you do you wanted to come along and see what happens in a saturnian initiation I'm
showing you what it is right I am profaning this mystery so that you can
see what they saw you don't need to go out and try to re reassemble the crew
right you don't need to go out and figure out how to make these substances right you don't need to go and figure out how she can use them to put her into
a state to cause him to go crazy right you don't need to you can see what
the vision is for and then we're going to bring it back to you because you're thinking young is Way Beyond that nope
nope Jung is right in the middle of this okay
then you will see the gods looking graciously upon you and uh oh first they come and they Rush
at you it's a scary situation it's like you have to you have to adjust your
frequency because first everybody wants to kill you then you perform an action and suddenly
everything is normal they look at you as normal why you're being reborn you're being born into an element that you
don't um naturally flow from right this isn't some kind of Guru
rediscovery of God the God within anybody who's sitting around with smoke in the air and give
feeding you that I'm God okay no no what we are looking at is
what the subjects of these experiments went through
and what they've visualized in the process and the the argument is the mystery see
the mystery is not something stupid or mysterious the mystery is that reaction
it is that vision completely biologic I love it
completely organic doesn't smell like chemicals or big
companies or anything it's completely it's like a human it's like a human
programming you know it's in there it's in the genes it's in the nature okay anyway let's let's see immediately after
you've said these things the sun disc will be expanded oh here it comes to Young the sons look at this when we're
through coming through the initiation this is what we see we see the sun's
disc expanded hey that's why they're all into the solar worship stuff and after you have said the second
prayer where there is silent silence and the accompanying words make a hissing
sound twice and a popping sound twice
yeah okay you're gonna you're gonna see this it's not too uncommon so there's vocalizations that go along right they
call the witches the Strega right the the streaks is the screech owl there's
noises that go along with this form of uh right yeah so hissing and popping hissing and
popping yeah and immediately you will see what oh you're gonna love this many five prong Stars
coming forth from the disc and filling all the air you see the stars
yeah yeah love it I Starion right this is this is um there's more about the drugs
and uh there's much more about levels of initiation things that are seen and
there's more about how to prepare for this what exactly you have to do and what kind of uh what kind of Acts that
you have to perform to get ready and um he tells you he tell or she or he
who's writing it tells us lick this up so that you may be protected
yeah look this up so that you may be protected constantly we're constantly getting hit even the even the the
um the making of totems that will protect us during this process you have to have images to help protect you in
the in this Pro process now the phylacteries require this procedure copy
that for the right arm onto the skin of a black sheep with mer ink
yeah isn't that funny he's putting a song and he shows us what kind of song it is and long story short it's Homer
using the sortace so this is a necromantic this mithraic
liturgy is hearkening back to sortitic necromancy and if you have a problem
with that you can just um Saturn yeah something yes okay uh
what about young what about young I want to bring you I want to bring you to Young and why is it relevant so Jung now
who's giving us his little example of the poor lunatic that gave him a vision
that he saw then later explained in this papyrus
in Paris that's this magical Papyrus that we just read right he he he's um
he's surfing on that ether and he comes
up with guess what an initiation ceremony surprise surprise
right um here's the neat thing he writes incantations and I'm going to take you through the incantations now and then
I'm going to introduce you to the devil just briefly I'm gonna let him ask a few questions and then we're going to
dismiss him here we go are you ready here are Young's incantations
um we'll start with this image Christmas has come
the God is in the egg okay remember you're being initiated
congregation to Satan listen up Christmas has come the God is in the egg
I have prepared a rug for my God an expensive red rug from the
land of mourning he shall be surrounded by the Shimmer of magnificence of his Eastern land I am
the mother the simple Maiden who gave birth and did not know how I am the careful father who
protected the maiden I am the shepherd who received the message as he guarded his hurt at night in the dark fields
I'm the holy animal that stood astonished and cannot grasp the coming
of the god I am the wise man who came from the East suspecting the miracle
from afar and I am the egg that surround and nurtures the seed of the God in Me
hmm the solemn hours lengthen and my
humanity is wretched and suffers torment since I am a giver of birth
have you figured out the real yet where uh whence do you Delight Me O God
he is the Eternal emptiness and the Eternal fullness nothing resembles him
and he resembles everything Eternal darkness and eternal brightness does it sound like fanes to you you
should notice why because Jung is using that as his model he's using that as his
model Eternal Below in Eternal above double nature in one simple in the manifold
meaning and absurdity freedom in bondage do you smell the
bakkens yes you're going to get to him right you're going to come to Bacchus
subjugated with Victorious old and Youth yes in no
o light of the middle way enclosed in the egg embryonic full of
order oppressed fully expectant dreamlike awaiting lost memories as
heavy as Stone hardened molten transparent streaming light coiled on
itself and now my favorite part
which is theft he knows it he knows he's such a thief a
naughty Thief amen
you are the lord of the beginning amen
you are the star of the East amen you are the flower that blooms over
everything you should be getting to see to see him her
amen you are the deer that breaks out of the forest amen you are the song that sounds far over the water amen you are
the beginning and the end
one word that was never spoken one light that was never lit up an unparalleled confusion and a road Without End
I forgive myself these words as you also forgive me for the sake of your blessed
light yes rise up you gracious fire of all
night I kiss the threshold of your beginning if you are not tasting the orphic if you
are not appreciating the fact that his mystery is a resurrection of Antiquities
orphic mystery if you don't realize that you are at elusive that you are with the
Christ then you're not
born again
dancers await you the bakkens
let's continue on with an introduction to the devil bring up uh just bring me back to sinner
because I want people you know it's my passion to do this for you to bring you the
devil is the thing that you know not many people get the privilege because he's so you know when the when
the when the experts speak up about the devil when the experts speak up about the
devil they usually do so so condescendingly it was with such bad information there's so much about him
there's so much about the dawnbringer why would you not why would you not bother to dip in I don't know
um but this is the beginning of the second of uh book the second Within the uh
the new book written by Jung for a specific time to be released this specific time this is
the red one the door of the mysterium has closed behind me I feel that my will is paralyzed and
that the spirit of the depths possesses me do you feel possessed by the spirit of the depths
I hope you do I know nothing about a way I can therefore neither want this nor
that since nothing indicates to me whether I want this or that I wait without knowing what I'm waiting for but
already in the following night I felt that I had reached a solid Point are you ready I find that I am standing on the
highest tower of a castle the air tells me so I am far back in time oh look at
this young was traveling in time my gaze wanders widely over solitary
Countryside a combination of fields and forests I am wearing a green garment
a horn hangs from my shoulder I am the tower guard I look out into the distance I see a red point out there
it comes near on a winding road disappearing for a while in force and
reappearing again it is a horseman in a red coat the red Horseman he is coming to my
castle he is already riding through the gate I hear steps on the stairway the steps Creek he knocks a strange fear
comes over me and there stands the red one a long shape holy shrouded in red even
his hair is red that's fantastic we could use him in the right then I think in the end he will turn out to
be the devil the devil says I greet you man on the
high tower I saw you from afar watching and waiting your waiting has called me
young who are you devil who am I you think I am the devil
do not pass judgment perhaps you can talk to me without knowing who I am
what's sort of the superstitious fellow are you that immediately you think you are the devil watch I'm sorry for what's
about to happen I'm going to bring you raw young and this will hit a nerve that's so deep I'll get 20 comments on
this this one this is look we have to do we have to do it he deserves it you know he deserves
it the devil says uh so what are you
waiting for and young says I wait all kinds of I await all kinds of things and
especially I'm waiting for someone of the world's wealth so for some of the
world's wealth excuse me you know and we all knew it it's disgusting
it's disgusting it's not Art For Art's Sake yeah yeah yeah
um which we don't see here um to come to me he's waiting for the wealth which he hasn't gotten yet devil so I have come
to absolutely the right place which is where you'd expect the devil to be right
to the person who needs punishment I have won in a long time through the
world seeking those like you who sit upon a high tower and look out for things unseen is that you in the midst
of the mystery are you in that position yes the devil is asking you
young you make me curious you seem to be a rare breed your appearance is not ordinary and then to forgive me it seems
to me that you bring with you a strange air what kind of area little punk
something worldly something impudent yeah now he's talking I love it
or exuberant or in fact something pagan it makes me want to go over there and
have another moment I won't I want something Peggy can you hear you
can you hear you okay good devil you don't offend me on the
contrary you hit your nail in the head but I'm no old Pagan as you seem to think yum I don't want to insist on that
you are not pompous and Latin enough I like that sometimes young is funny
you have nothing classical about you you seem to be a son of our time but as I must remark a rather unusual one you're
no real Pagan but the kind of pagan who runs alongside our Christian religion
he's doing he's doing that all the time you true you're truly the devil says
you're truly a good diviner of riddles oh
you're doing better than many others who have totally mistaken me good for you
yeah good uh you sound cool and snaring says Young
have you never broken your heart over the holiest mysteries of our Christian religion are you ready we're about to
devil you're an unbelievably ponderous and serious person are you always so insistent
I love that I love that did you see that in the interview he's there you saw that
I would before God always like to be a serious and true to myself as I try to
be blah blah blah young devil you're superstitious and too German
you take literally what the scriptures say otherwise you could not judge me so
hard you know a hard judgment is the last thing I would want but my nose does not
play tricks on me you're evasive and I don't want to and you don't want to
reveal yourself what are you hiding the red one grows redder devil I hide
nothing from you you true hearted soul I simply amuse myself with your weighty seriousness and your comic veracity this
is so rare in our time especially in men who have understanding at their disposal
I believe you cannot fully understand me says you apparently compare me with those whom you know but I must say you
for the sake of truth that I neither really belong to this time nor to this place
listen to him it doesn't matter you're here so shut up
answer my questions you Little Fool a spell has banished me says Young
to this place and time nice I'm really not what you see before you
devil you say astounding things who are you then this is irrelevant
I stand before you is that which I presently am okay it's going to get ugly here it comes
why am I here like this I do not know but I do know that I must be here to justify myself according to my best
knowledge is that what you're saying to yourself I know just as little who you are and as
uh as you know who I am uh devil that sounds very strange are you something of a saint hardly a philosopher
Young then picks up in a few lines and says you are ensnared
in your own world but you might conceive that one can assess the worth of Christianity
correctly without being a downright saint he continues you're stubborn what I mean
is that it's hardly a coincidence that the whole world has become Christian I also believe that it was the task of
Western men to carry Christ in his heart and to grow with his suffering death and Resurrection
and now the devil says hold your ears
well there are also Jews who are good people and yet had no need for your solemn
Gospels and Jung says you are it seems to me no
good reader of the people have you never noticed that the Jew himself lacks something one in his head
another in his heart and he himself feels that he lacks something now meet the devil
devil indeed I'm no Jew but I must come to the Jews
defense you seem to be a Jew hater
would you like to hear what Jung says when the devil puts him right in the
spot where he should be he says well now you speak like all those Jews who accuse
anyone of Jew hating who does not of completely favorable judgment
do these things sound familiar yeah you're reading the air of the time
of the ion while they themselves make the bloodiest jokes about their own kind since the
Jews only do clearly feel the particular life and yet they do not want to admit it and that's all I can swallow
because he doesn't know himself right it's no wonder that the devil
wanders what's happening to Young
you know we're taking it we're taking it to him
for writing a magic book with a seal yeah and we together can use the Throne
of Satan to find those places
that he calls Cosmic yeah no money
just art just reason
yeah thank you for coming tonight um we're going to talk now we're going
to have Rob and I want to talk about a couple of questions that were presented and um hopefully we can keep embedding
keep embedding back in The Souls of the Dead
um this satanic the satanic right you might be surprised why the what the
devil is doing there and you might when you get to the South Pole realize that
you really could be standing on on the North yeah you might just be disoriented
um Rob how are you Rob Justin yeah all right after that I'm
engrossed fully engrossed in there very very good isn't it you can hear me
okay because I've got a new mic yes no you your mic is lovely your mic is lovely bravo bravo you've got some
questions you've got some questions tell us yep we're going to go from Young
to known as and we we want to um
it's lady Rowan Ali Rowan and she wrote quite a bit and I don't want to um kind
of paraphrase but I can't read the whole the whole chapter out like there's quite
a few paragraphs so a kind of paraphrased and I hope I've got it right but like you get
she's worried you're gonna have critics she's she's like concerned as you're going to have critics regarding known as
and he's paraphrase of John and maybe some of that is coming through
he's dying this yaka as you might be opening up yourself to
some criticism there and uh why would you choose a 5th Century
paraphrase over all the available Gospels yeah yeah good great question excellent
question and there's a there's a little bit more I'm afraid I'm sorry let me
answer that first let me ask that question yeah because could you put the question up on the
screen please edit it possible yeah lovely thank you
sorry sorry what I would say right off the bat is that what am I doing there I am doing in
known as uh following the drugs right so all I'm doing is I am trying to assemble
uh the picture of antiquity from the perspective of the drugs and the drug users
so what I would say to her is what nonus does that's so important is that he
recognizes the sexual value of that drug not just the monetary value it's worth
so much and that's why it should have been sold and given to the poor but the fact that he presents her as she does
with the [__] that he knows and why does he know that it's a sexual drug
um it's the same reason that Pope Gregory knows that rust on your vagina is chafing from robago
um the activity of the priestesses in the temple of Aphrodite who are
performing their acts and becoming chafed so I'm looking at numbness for the drugs and the drug references and
when he presents it within the context of her for example her sultry hair
um the muron starts to take on uh its native aspects so later on this is this
is what I mean if you go to die score these um or you go to Galen or you go to
scribonius and you start looking I would advise that I score these and you start
looking at what the muron does and you just put together as a compound what all
of its ingredients are used for and you see that it's you know used forever all
of its practical purposes and Antiquity whether it be a abrasion relieving or
abortion inducing um that you look at that and say Mary is
carrying this stuff I don't need an argument I don't need a
conspiracy you know that lady Rowan we're just going for the evidence that's
why I like you because you look at the evidence right so look at the drugs and ask
yourself what is that muron you know diascortis you've got a great first century source that tells you exactly
what that [__] is so winonas brings up and one of the reasons I like those he
actually talks about the antidote that was given to Jesus on the cross and
um um uh you could also ask why would I use the Geo geoponica a Byzantine work
on farming on agriculture because it talks about drugs and antidotes and it
says that that vinegar is the con is the name for the antidote to the dipsest just like known as right so what I'm
looking for and notice is the pharmacology the historians the religious historians the classicists
have not caught up with the sources they have not caught off with the
sources so when someone challenges um the easiest way to knock them off
their block is just to say hey have you read the escorties okay say hey have you seen Nero's magic
formula in Galen and they're not going to know any of that stuff they're not it's the big
weakness of been there in the business I can tell you what its weakness is but to
me that's comforting because that's the Avenue that we can take to take to get
the real picture of what's going on is the drugs right now a lot of people have asked me they said they said um the
drugs what you're saying is you're they're using drugs and religious right and it always it's so disturbing to me
having read as much as I have from Antiquity not modern takes on it but
from Antiquity for somebody to step forward and say they were still questioning did you see what we just
read from the Greek magical papyri did you see how the drugs are integrated in
the vision so for the head of the department at the University of Wisconsin to step up and say
um did Romans just wouldn't do such a thing is complete and total ignorance of the of the things that
she's supposed to be guarding so lady Rowan that's what I would say the um could we do we deserve more detail on
what uh um the precise action of Mary and what she did with the alabaster
lady Ron you still have to argue with people about the alabastran you still
have to argue we have detritus from the last 500 years thanks to King James and
his knuckleheads right which by the way wrote a great work on demonology but his translation
is just you know just accept that this is the Hebrew that's just accept it
forget about the fact that of the Septuagint and how it says completely different things
right so yeah King James uh all influenced by a when people become
influenced by a Cause or an orientation or a a
bias where they want to set out to prove something you know you're in terrible shape just go to the sources and that's
what I would say was notice is just another way another support for the fact that they were using these
pharmacological items and Mary was using one that's very popular to use
um by devotees of Venus for the sake of sexual health in temples get over it
right that's the that's the beautiful thing read the pharmacology people it's
not yeah it doesn't have to be as crafty as you think there's no theories I
please the last thing I'm going to do to anybody here is ever give you a freaking Theory right there's there's no there's
no theories or like armpits every academic has them and only under certain
circumstances would you ever want to smell them yeah
uh another question Rob yeah that's a great answer that is um
were they mentioning the King James let's want to go back a little bit further in the early Gospels
and considering as known as is in fifth century then do you think it's possible
with all the additions and all the editing that's gone on in the gospels that nonus could see through that
could see through the disguise if there was a disguise could he could
he see through that and penetrate with his language so he could leave it within
a text essentially yeah that's a good question that's a good question what I would do is I would
say okay let's be careful here we're investigators and let's look at the
language is known as picking up on cult use of language and that's not odd
um does Galen use technical uh language technical vocabulary for his medicine hell yeah did he get it does he develop
it through Hellenistic doctors like herophilus yeah oh yeah he does can you
track that language yes you can do the same thing with numbers he's using he's using highly highly highly technical
terms right just like Galen galen's bit from Nero right when Nero's physician
when when he uses the word polypharmicon we don't have to guess we don't have to piece this together all we have to do is
look at the language and say what is that language preserving in the Amber right it's like the amber that's
preserving that that B from 200 or 20 million years ago
I was a little bit off a factor of 10. yeah I don't know if
that answers your question but I feel good about it good yeah what else do we have yeah
we're going to shift across now to um I'm struggling with the with the
pronunciation and even looked it up because she dies or Diaz in regards
saturnalia mm-hmm [Music]
yeah it's a good example is that a good example of the gender Trinity
yeah let's yeah let's talk about God let's talk
about God yeah who is the dispartier right is that Pluto's is that pluton
excuse me is that the wealth is that the king who sits on that throne
and um in the Underworld is that the guy who abducted the Persephone is that Zeus
yes people don't get this right away but um you do if you study Roman religion
especially and you see the evolution of the god concept you know it's Deus right
in Latin in Latin from from uh in uh uh
Mycenaean it's got that dye gamma in the Upsilon or in the U in Latin
right so it's you know is it originally you or V anyway
um so uh Deus despotier yeah is that Saturn and Cronus yeah is that Zeus the
one that we think of that rules Olympus the one that rules The Ether yes that is
the Zeus right that is the Zeus well that dis Potter
is just a Zeus of the cone which is that it's like a different
dimension underworld transition Transit is underworld right but it still has this worldly
connotation it's like the underworld rules this place you don't realize that
right but the underworld rules this place would you be surprised to wake up and find that there was a separation of
powers and that there was one power that ruled this ether and the other power that ruled okay well that's what they're
looking at that's the that's the way that they're viewing the world and all of this can be made visible to you if
you can sit on the throne of Satan while you use these images while you search
these images okay it unlocks it's part we're not supposed to tell it but it
works um yeah yeah I don't know any any other
questions I think we'll is that bad enough yeah that that's uh that that's okay
with me but what I'd like to do is talk about contacting you for people who like to contact I mean we
have so many brilliant comments I love the comments I love going through them
and I just think they're fantastic what people are putting in and where we're at is we kind of I'd like communicate I'd
like communicate with people and have people be able to communicate with each other because YouTube You've Got it's
it's limited you can't even copy and paste but unless that's just me maybe he
says but I'd I'd appreciate some suggestions I'd like to uh suggest maybe a dedicated
Discord there is a Discord I think it's fantastic I'm on the Discord myself I
think it's brilliant I like being on there a lot of people on there it's fantastic but I don't know if people are
comfortable joining the Discord but definitely I'm not comfortable
put in any sort of details on the on the YouTube comments I want to encourage anybody else to
so we've got a problem with how do we get in touch with each other and I'm
trying to solve that I'd appreciate some suggestions maybe some platform we could all join together
and discuss things with each other I mean that's that's the Discord essentially
but why aren't people all joined and and maybe there's a reason for that and what
I'd like is to solve that in the meantime would you be okay and
comfortable passing on messages through your email at the at the ladybug Babylon
website yes at the lady Babylon website maybe if you want to get in touch and I
promise everybody uh that sends me something I'll be more diligent
um uh I'll be as diligent as I can I can I'm up against
um teaching and getting people and this is the fun thing getting people to actually be able to uh translate with me
and to be able to look at the text and say oh my God I just translated that those moments you know it takes a while
to get there it takes a lot of commitment and some students have it and some students don't right so um I'm I'm
encouraging people uh who want to to learn ancient Greek to consider taking
up the cause it depends if it would be useful to you but what I can promise you
is that when I give you that ability and you have it where you're sharp enough you can go on to intermediate reading uh
you know um uh then uh you'll be able to see how how that important it actually is I had
a new student today who came in and he was looking at logos just the word logos
and he uh is a religious um not a historian but uh an act he had
he has an undergraduate degree in religious history and he was surprised
um orgasmically surprised genuinely surprised at just the word logos and
what it actually means and I can promise you from experience that those of you sitting here do not
know what logos means we could sit we could go into a Discord
and I say hey offer me your definitions of logos and then I could take you and I
could show you and you'd be shocked but it's rational and it makes sense and it
allows you to see how that logos was used so that when John says
um that you know not from a Baptist's perspective not
from a catholic's perspective um not from a Scholar's perspective but
from the perspective of the people who actually wrote the document that's invaluable that's invaluable that's the
only way you're getting evidence if we're ever going to solve the crime of of the naked boy with Jesus we need that
we need hardcore evidence and um I appreciate everybody who's who's everybody who's been saying nice job
keep it up you people are encouraging me so I need that and I need to know that
you're out there and that you're following and that in following you're opened up
like people are saying and you're seeing Oh my God you know what is this right and now you're asking questions
because that's what that's what it's all about and and uh you know our eyes are open
our eyes are open as as much as we want to fear
I love that we've we've got you know we've got Lord Snappy and he shaved his head and
we've got a testimonial and we I just thank you
everybody for taking part participating commenting
it's just it's great to see it unfold I really enjoy watching this unfold I mean
I I love the research that's my I said bro I love watching this unfold
and on behalf I'm sorry for interrupting Rob on behalf of Lord Snappy who I was talking about earlier he um he I very I
very much must point out that in this death morning that we're entering in
this period of morning Adonis of morning Jehovah we're not just we're not just
mourning Jehovah we're mourning his son and his son's bride because our vision will show us
what contradicts the fairy tale that reality that we're
all we've all grown up in um it's gorgeous uh saturnian
satanic Judaism Christianity yes what are the satanic
origins of Judaism and Christianity and don't tell me because your guy throws around snakes and and can do what the
Egyptians do with their hecats don't tell me that he is not
a magician completely following saturnian look he even sets up an oracle
this is one good thing Moses sets up an oracle most people if you just tell him that it's gonna they're gonna be
confused right Moses sets up an oracle yeah in the wilderness in a tent with a
bunch of smoking Botanicals and you go in there to what so that you can talk to
the god they call it in the Septuagint the telestarian that's the it's the place that's directed for you to meet
the God face to face um this is gorgeous I hope that someday people find out that Judaism is indeed a
Bronze Age satanic religion and that that's nothing to be ashamed of that
their roots go back not to the Hebrew and not to the uh not to the masoretic
tradition that's way late they go back to the saturnian oracular
cult that allows us to enter into a place of vision
yeah yeah you were yeah um uh maybe that was Moses we were
working with tonight in yum I put young back in his cage Rob do you have any final points but yeah that was my last
question are you keeping young there yeah don't let him go don't let him go
he always stays with me he always stays with me and we will we will work on his
seal and presenting it directly to everyone so that young like a meat
puppet can be used to talk to everyone here it's a necromancer's uh prerogative
yes until next time hail Satan and thank you thank you everybody
foreign [Music]